okay so we're here at Joe null and this
is the RC mobile experience booth from
ama and we have Mandy here right yes
Manny how you doing I'm great how are
you tell me a little bit about what you
doing here today well I'm with the new
am a foundation we are supporting
organization of the Academy of model
aeronautics and we're raising money for
things like our mobile experience here
to teach about model aviation and to
encourage people to join the Academy and
love our hobby so is there any kind of
entry fee to get in there nope it's
completely free absolutely Funes let's
support from our donors great great so
anybody can just go in and fly on the
simulator have a great time with it
right yeah we have trainers set up so
that they can learn even anyone that's
never flown before okay so you do this
like it a lot of RC shows I guess maybe
yes they are our education department
our education coordinator just assume
she goes to events all across the
country with this trailer well that is
fantastic I'm glad I got to see this
today and look at the table here they've
got some stuff set out here on the table
oh I like that Oh in the Hat yeah yeah
I've got to have one of those hats how
do I get one of those hats well this hat
is for our Silver level donor which is
just a hundred dollars only a hundred
dollars and that's a show special today
I'm sure right yes today you can
actually purchase a brick for a hundred
dollars and i will throw in the hell
i've always wanted one the bricks and
that the brick get your name on it and
it gets put down at the ama yeah sorry
it's the most famous walk and air
modeling
am a walk of fame in front of
headquarters in muncie indiana all right
well you know what I love the Hat and
I've always wanted to break so I think
we're gonna do it today all right all
right well thanks so much for talking
about the booth today okay all right
you